[Music]
P
[Laughter]
[Music]
B
Oh
[Music]
[Laughter]
Ho
[Music]
Oh
B
[Music]
a
k
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [
Applause] [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
[Applause] [
Music]
k
[Music]
[Applause]
H [Music]
ah [Music
] [
Music]
P [Music] ah [Music
]
Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
Good morning family How are we?
Good  Good afternoon, here we are. I've come to
record a few things about the
Daniel Sancho issue that came up. I was a
little lazy to record it off camera, so I
said, well, I'll be online in a moment. I'm not
online in a moment. No, you don't want to. I don't
know how you are. I don't know what you're
talking about. Javi, what time do you have there? Well, it
's
12:25, an hour or so less. I'm going to be here
until the coach comes and then I'm off. eh.
Let's gossip about things. Let's not
gossip about things. eh. There
wasn't one either. It's a bit of a weird
week. eh. Sancho's father is in
Thailand. Let's go see him. Let's go see him. Okay, let's go see him. Let's go see him. Let's go see him. Let's see. It's a
bit of a weird week, man. Yesterday, the same thing happened to me, there's no news, hardly any
news, man. To have recorded a newscast. To have recorded a lollipop newscast for noon. So at noon. Today there's no news either,
man. 3000 and it's live. Well, I don't think there's
many people around here now
in the morning. I don't think there's many now in the
morning.  People, we
recorded it and then you'll see
more about what we
recorded, let's see, eh, first excerpt. Well,
first of all, good morning, how are you?
Today there have been several
updates on the Daniel Sancho case,
quite interesting, quite curious, this
first news story that has been talked about
since yesterday, and we didn't skip it
because my tooth was hurting and I left and so
on, but we already gave this first news story
exclusively. Well, exclusively, no
exclusively, no
exclusively, it was given by Ángela Portero on That's
Life, Raquel says, if I were to tell you some
gossip, you have enough for more than a month, Raquel,
tell me, tell me please, we're
short on topics today. Well, let's see the topic
that Ángela Portero told about on That's
Life. And well, Ángela Portero was here, I
don't know if it was last Wednesday. I don't
remember what day it was, the day that
Ángela Portero came, I think it was last Wednesday
[Applause]
basically what
Rodolfo and
Daniel García Montes's lawyer told her was that this
week they were traveling to
Thailand again, it's not known exactly
why. But  what Garcia
Montes did tell the
doorman What does Raquel say Javi says
seriously but it would have to be corroborated
apart from that I have the audios Oh okay well send it to
me Raquel Sure you send it to me and we will
corroborate it we will see how
we tell it you send it to me okay
and I don't know what they have to say I do
n't know what they have to comment
but they have it very difficult today he has
spoken out precisely
coinciding with their arrival in
Thailand the prosecutor's office has spoken out precisely
and the Thai prosecutor's office
accuses Daniel Sancho of three crimes if I'm
not
mistaken premeditated murder
dismemberment and there was something else
but we will see it now in the
next extract okay as for Rodolfo,
well I imagine he will have gone for
two things firstly to continue
moving papers
uh collecting evidence and collecting
documentation that is in the in the in the
authorities not in the
public administrations of Thailand and on the other hand
to look for a lawyer to handle the case
a Thai lawyer remember that
Iceland still does not have a defense I am that what he is doing
Rodolfo Sancho I don't understand Well what he
did is totally clear
exactly samor I mean the prosecutor's office is
accusing Daniel Sancho of what's
up Raquel I don't know what you're
talking about sweetheart Send it to me on WhatsApp
send it to the bisus's WhatsApp
for example and I'll see it there
later anyway Daniel has it very very very
complicated then on the other hand there is a
mystery that everyone is wondering and that
is Where is Silvia bronchalo be
Silvia bronchalo Supposedly supposedly she
is in
Thailand but she doesn't Give any signs of life, I
mean no longer you see her going every
day to see her son remind you that the
last few times She was always seen like
with Chila no and she was bringing him clothes
money it was said that she was bringing him I don't
know what book Okay so Silvia bronchalo
of whom there is no record that she has
left Thailand at the
moment we are talking about almost TR
months we are talking About
next week it will be TR months she has not been
seen I mean it is not known if there will be
some kind of way for her to be making
the visits in a more discreet way so that
the press does not pursue her
eh It is not known what is being
done okay but it is super strange that
Sion char is in Thailand and
yet
[Music]
no however she is not seen at all everything is
very strange let's
see I understood that when Rodolfo was
there Well since there is no good relationship
with Rodolfo, well he avoided him okay no he did not do it because he
agreed with him he did to
avoid him apparently there are also
certain differences in how they want to
handle the case each one Silvia wants to
handle it one way Rodolfo apparently
another to me with Rodolfo's ways I don't
know if he is right eh I mean
Rodolfo is putting more priority on
a
team how would you
describe it How would you describe the team
that Rodolfo has created in Spain
legal team legal media because of course he
has this Carmen balfagón who is already
walking around even on
YouTube channels now we will take a look at
what Axel said because she stopped
by Axel's channel and well now we
will take a look to see what he
said on all the programs  of the
heart it's a bit of a circus for
such a serious thing the truth is a bit
and the father has kind of taken charge and
focused more on that in the little group that has been
formed in Spain of lawyers who
go on TV and who go to YouTube who don't
have a lawyer in Thailand, it's because he doesn't
have a defense in
Thailand Well, Silvia, I think he's
leaning more towards a
defense in which he
wants to defend the
innocence of the son okay
you can maintain that position or
you guys will tell me What's crazy there's
evidence I don't know what you can maintain
that position of you not admitting to the crime
and it's the authorities who have to
prove your guilt and then
you will say Well but there's this to that
Okay, yeah but that the judge
will decide if that is conclusive to
condemn you
can no longer enter the
WhatsApp group yes of course you can
antigona in fact you should do it
in fact you should do it I'm not
putting the link here because it
doesn't open on WhatsApp We
well total this over here let's go to let's
go to the next
move we're
going to put this together
with with
this yes we're going to put it together  with this and and we
see it both on tele5 and on the page
of and of hearts on the Channel of our
friend and of hearts Well remind
all of you who are arriving okay that you
subscribe to the Channel that I pressed a good
like there is news of the Daniel
Sancho case the same day that Rodolfo returns to
Thailand the prosecutor's office pronounces
accuses Daniel of three crimes okay
eh the judge ratifies the crimes of the
police and adds one more well here
instead of the judge I would say the prosecutor's office that it is not the
same that it is not the
same the WhatsApp group let's see now you
are asking me a lot but why are you
not in the WhatsApp group inco
What's up
friend Yesterday you sent me a message but I have
n't been able to open it yet man
Forgive me I'm really crazy man I'm
especially crazy
eh with all the things I do a day There are
20 people left to reach 1000 in
the group eh There are 20 people left to
reach 1000 Well I don't know if someone
will be able to Share the link there to
enter the group someone who is
please so that  people come in let's
see eh what the prosecution is asking for and
let's see if there is a little argument as to
why
[Music]
well murder with
premeditation the police have concluded
Okay This is the
police report we already saw the police report
about a week ago I even think that
[Music] this
was good what this what a
very
[Music]
boring video I don't understand this very
boring video on the tele5 page Why are
we going to watch it here in in in yaz of
hearts three
what has changed let's get down to business remind you
all to subscribe okay subscribe
give me a like el sancho And it's that we already
warned that this week there was going to be
a lot of news about it the last one was on
the program and now they are suns
that he had a conversation with the
Thai prosecutor and he did a little
recount of the data that is available
so far watch out because the
Thai prosecutor according to the son program has
ratified a word that surprises me eh he has
ratified eh the crimes that
Daniel Sancho is charged with in relation to
Edwin's crime  Arrieta But he has added
a little bit more here that we are to
ask ourselves many questions. Notice that when he
came out, when the
police report came out, we almost thought that they had
given him a little bit of leeway
to
defend himself. When the police report came out, he
admitted to a
fight, he admitted to a fight and the people.
Well, I had my doubts too, no, but
we said, well, if there is a fight then it
could be involuntary, I don't know what, but of
course, as Trium said,
when
a fight happened, it could
easily be a fight, it could easily be an
argument. We would have to see that
translation in the police report, they
also ruled out the issue of the knife
in the stabbing because they
couldn't prove that, okay, I don't remember what else.
But there were two or three things in the
police report that Daniel's lawyer
wanted to grab on to and it seemed
as if they had given a little bit more
leeway, not to the Spanish lawyer, not to
Daniel's lawyer, but you see, you see
that the translation would not be very
exact when now, eh, based on that
police report, the prosecution
accuses Daniel Sancho of three crimes.
Together, we are going to ask ourselves how. It is
logical.  What's a prosecutor doing talking about
this whole case anymore and when
the final police report
that will arrive on Friday hasn't been issued, let's
analyze everything, the last hour we
start
[Music]
Javi can you put the link please, let's see, I'm going to
put it there wait a second, I'm going to
put it there because you're asking me
but I have to go to my phone to put it there, let's
see give me a
second give me a
second, I'll go into telesalseo and I'll
put it for you
okay I'll put the
chat there Haha can you put the link please, I'll
put it in the chat there for a second, I'm going to
put it and it doesn't come out but I have to go to my
phone to put it there, it doesn't come
out for a second Wait, I have to
put it with the account because if not I'll
catch it as spam
Oh, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going to put it in the chat right now
Wait, I'll go into ent salseo and I'll put it for you
okay, I'll
put it in the chat there you have it
Okay now if it appears look at it, there you
have it fixed okay You have it fixed
okay our WhatsApp group is
there all the time well all the
time I laugh because I'm not saying  not
many things but well there are few
people yet
as people enter then I will
be more lively more active okay but
basically to say Hey I'm
here I'm going to do a live show you or
say Hey tonight I don't know if I'm going to
upload a photo on Instagram and I'll
talk to you through
[Music]
there you can hear the sound of the
video that we are
watching well the report It will arrive on
Thursday okay but it will come to us in
a little bit I will be attentive to see a
little bit what information is
coming out because well in principle well
the limit of the
imposed date you listen well I hear it
badly man my speaker is a little bit screwed up I do
n't know why the
truth is it is
a little bit screwed up for me
the prosecutor in some statements has
spoken about the crimes that
Rodolfo Sancho's son would have to face I
want to remember that he will be
flanked by his family
specifically by his parents and also
by the lawyer Marcos García Montes
guarantees Well here as always
we are going to ask questions and of
course we will have our
doubts this man has  Clear the
resolution which surprises me because it has already
returned at least once we know
the report has ratified that the
word that they have used in this
program has been the crimes of murder with
premeditation and concealment of the body
this is that there is no more or rather is
that to discuss that or rather murder with
premeditation and concealment of the
body What is the
doubt What is the doubt
eh For me here perhaps the
only thing that can be attempted to defend is the
premeditation it is not that the knives and
the things that they bought he bought them because
he is a cook come on okay but
the body is already dismembered
that is not going to have any way of passing eh No
way eh I mean I do not know what he will
use to try to defend the
dismembering of a body I think that he
would try to cheer up an outbreak of
Mental Health I do not know what
eh But that does not work that does not work that does not fit we already
knew it since the
Big joke press conference in August the surprise
is that it has been announced that
a third crime has been added a third crime that
I find very suspicious Now we will analyze
the three point by point  but what it is
about is that Daniel Sancho would have
taken the victim's documentation
where would he have taken it
HM let's go let's analyze that because
really eh Anyway the defense is going to have to be
alert with this new information eh
And at the last minute they have balls eh
Because e well these aspects when it comes to
reducing the sentence Well if they
were already working against the clock
imagine now the work that
accumulates for them for when there is a trial
and when the judge has the report in
his possession which he does not have yet eh Well it will be the moment in which e when it is delivered to the judge a video conference will be estimated eh with the judge eh as an appearance he must Likewise, he must declare in the Courts, he has already done so on several
occasions, not only by
video conference but there have been
several occasions in which Daniel has
left prison to meet with
the judge
eh it will be part of the proceedings that are
carried out not before a trial there in the
country in which he abandons it therefore the
prison of cosam very Marcela says Yes of
course you travel to another part of the planet
to buy knives to cook an
omelette  potato eh Marcela
obviously everyone thinks the
same but I'm telling you that of the
things they accuse Daniel of, it's the
only thing I see
a shred of probability that they
can defend him against, or rather because in the end the
fact that you buy a knife, you're a
cook, you go on vacation, you go
shopping, you're buying food too, let's
see what I'm telling you. So maybe it
works or it doesn't work, I don't know how they
work there in Thailand but for
example
here in Spain as far as I
understand, for them to condemn, to
condemn something especially so
strong, it can't be white and in a bottle, it's
not that it's white and in a bottle, it's not that
it's worth it, there has to be
irrefutable proof that this is this, you
know then. Of course, if they have an
argument to
[Music]
justify, to justify the purchase of
all those things. The markets and dismantling it's
not that these bags are these, I don't
know how much could be accepted but
I don't know to what extent it would
reduce the sentence if it was
premeditated or
not, I don't know to what
extent but I don't think it will work either.
Obviously I'm telling you that it's
the only thing like that about these things not about
the three things which is the only thing they
can try to fight
it no eh but the thing is that
you see yes I agree with you
Marcela and And well then that he bought the
murder kit you will receive a bit of the
sentence let's go with the three crimes that
they are
accused of okay the first crime is eh
premeditation something eh So the
defense has already made public a report
a report that I imagine will not be
the only one I from the interview of Carmen
Fagon that Axel did eh Well then I
infer enough things between them that it
will not be the only ace up their sleeve
that they have regarding This for me is a
report the matter is more than outdated already
Javi No Daniel No there is still a lot of
this
now this Friday well Thursday Friday
the official report comes out
eh I don't know how much time they had I think it
was a few months to give a
trial date well and and once the trial comes out There is
still a little bit left There is still
a little bit of controversy and of course as
much as you want to downplay it and and Well
above all that the outcome that they are going to
put in  There is no compensation. Well,
in this sense,
things will have to be explained. I think things
are not as easy as they have been, as
the police have made them seem,
and it is curious that, being premeditated, they
talk about, uh, in that report, at least in
the last one we had, a fight
between them, and in the sense that it was in
that fight when Edwin Arrieta falls,
falls and hits the sink. It is that this,
this fight thing could be, uh,
easily what Trium was saying, a
fight, what are you calling me a fight
because a fight can be called a fight,
an
argument, so there, uh, there the
translation could play tricks on us, and
we thought that it was referring to
a physical fight and that it was a. Well,
a fight, an argument. This, if we
believe a little bit the confession that
Daniel Sancho made, which at this point I
believe is more than called into question
by everything we have seen, and above all,
uh, Well, the business of selling
images of a police reconstruction,
uh, to different media, no, this
can now be spoken of clearly, well, we can speak
clearly, the next crime for which he is
accused is that of  concealment of the body
by concealment of the body we
also understand that there is part of that confession
where we saw the refrigerator because of course
apart from that big thing it is also true
in his own confession he recognizes that he
has an
argument and the one who starts it In any case
the aggression is already him you know and I don't believe that the other
did much in a
physical fight I don't believe that the other did
much objectively Speaking
objectively Speaking that it was not even a
refrigerator where Daniel
Sancho is supposed to have hid those parts and
later everything we know with
the kayak and others and the landfill
and the sea anyway eh all that story that is
supported by what the
witnesses have said the local witnesses that well
with everything that we have brought out
here on this channel I would put it very much in
quarantine But I would do that eh I no longer
know to what extent
this can be sustained the credibility of and
the veracity of these testimonies that
I also do not believe that well, they were
made in a
casual way or contributing
to the cause or the police Well yes
perhaps helping the police Yes how
Well then the 120 Met of
plastic Fil that he bought  I would like to see how
the defense justifies it
as 120 Met How much is the normal amount that
comes to you in a
roll How much is the normal amount that
you buy a roll of Fil And how much is it could you tell
me or do we have to
look at it
eh
man let's
see I don't know why it says it's per
kilo let's see
HM let's see this the commercial this one that is the one that
I used typically in the
factory is good for work says it has
about 300
m or 30 m comes in the roll The normal one
that you buy to have it in the
kitchen
eh of course or so he bought four or five
packs he bought four five packs
we are
talking about the media has also done a
job here because Hey person
who was on the island person who
had different testimonies about
Daniel Sancho all the witnesses are going to appear
even those who said that
Daniel Sancho had been
seen with third parties
unknown men that we still don't
know Who they are well there
could also be one of the keys to the
defense And finally we go with this that
but it's that I also don't know to what
extent that will help him Really or rather
no  I don't know to what extent it could be useful
80 Met the one from
Mercadona, of course,
maybe there are
rolls there, then they have 60 and you have to buy a
couple. So that wouldn't be a
crazy thing either, I mean, if you bought a
couple of rolls of
Fil A, maybe it's not crazy either,
look, buying a couple of rolls to
take my food to the beach, I don't know, I don't know,
honestly. Let's see, we all think the
same, but in the end it's the debate that they're
going to have in the trial. I found it
quite
funny. Sancho hid the documentation, it
's not the third crime, I don't know what crime
exactly is, hiding the documentation.
I
mean, it could be something like obstructing
justice or hiding evidence or something like that.
Daniel Sancho had the
documentation with him. Maybe that happened
after having had
that conversation with the
Dewin Arrieta family. From Colombia, it was Daniel
Sancho with this documentation to the police
to say, Hey, have you seen this
person? Of course, this
really catches my attention. They say or hide
documentation, but of course. It's that here, since they have
named the documentation, and I
took this image
because hiding documentation is not theft.  about
money I ask because a
figure was said Then it was another much lower one
What happened with all that eh It catches my attention, it
catches my attention no, the issue
of hiding documentation it could be very useful to them
the fact that Daniel Sancho
supposedly had Edwin Arrieta's documentation with him because here
I don't know everything it's a matter of being
skeptical and asking questions, for
me the issue of hiding the
documentation eh we could go a little bit
on the issue of Why was one said
because five figures were said at
first and then there were four okay
So I see the issue of
five figures being said and then there were four as
very simple, I mean that's where I see it eh
I see it as a lack of
information from the press and the leaking
of sensationalist and erroneous headlines
no I don't see any more of that okay one second he
wrote to me Well he wrote to me he didn't
send me an audio trium I'm going to
listen to it and we'll see the last video
okay
and he's
going to get the death penalty almost
certainly man well I
see it I see it as quite probable the
truth I see it as quite probable the
truth
[Applause]
eh You're trolling me,
no, you're trolling me, no. But why do
the kids come here, man, I mean,
why do the kids come here to troll
the people of the
gentlemen, video, let's watch the last
video of the morning, let's see, eh.
Well, let's see what they say about the
coincidence of Rodolfo Sancho who has already
gone to visit his son in prison,
okay, after approximately a
month ago, okay. You already know that they did not request
that visit twice so they could hug each other for the
Queen's birthday, eh. More than
anything, the situation, well, no, he did not
deserve it, eh. Let's remember that he is not
convicted right now, he is in
jail as a preventive measure and they are
getting extensions, I think they are called.
But he is not convicted right now,
at the moment he is not convicted, he will most
likely be convicted later, but
not at this moment, eh. As I
was saying, the father went to Thailand
with the lawyer, as
Angela Portero told us on this channel
last week and that's how it was, eh. I think they
will be  there trying to manage they would
also know
that this week these
reports that are coming out would take place and I imagine
that they are there to try to get
the copies see how to
defend it prepare a little the
strategy and and so on okay I imagine that it
will be around there the Chinese will go and
things are very complicated okay the
handcuffs but he will cross the doors of the
prison of something mu the one that has been there
since last August Uf Look at
the look of the prison handcuffs
but he will cross the doors of the prison of
Cos Look at the look of the prison just
man get an idea there that you are going to
spend many years of your life there man very
in the one that has been there since
last
wow
wow I would still love to know the
real story I mean when it comes out there were
people out there in the chat who
said this is already burned the subject It is already
burned I am still interested in
the real story I mean what leads you to
do
that what leads you to reach that
point month of August when he admitted to having
killed and dismembered Edwin
Arrieta the bag you are the big doubt the  The
prosecution continues to thoroughly study the
evidence and conclusions that the
police made for weeks after
the crime was discovered. They are asking for the
maximum penalty, yes, the death penalty,
in this case. The police are clear that it
was not an
accident. It's also true.
Imagine the police, no, imagine the
police that we are clear about it. They had a
plan to kill him and then prepare a
report that must be passed to the judge, but the
delivery of this one that we saw here. This
was the lawyer he had in Thailand, the
lawyer with whom they ended badly, well, they will
prepare a report that must be passed to the
judge, but the delivery of that
documentation has a deadline that is running out, there are only a
few days left. The deadline for
the prosecution is Sunday the
29th and there is talk that they are going to hand it over,
uh, tomorrow morning. In other words, the prosecution is going to
hand over a
report in which they
blame him. Well, they
accuse him
of
premeditated murder, so what are they going
to accuse him of? I mean, if it's really
surprising us, there are not
4 days left. Once it's over, it's the
judge's turn. He will hand over that information to
the prosecution and defense parties and
simultaneously will summon Daniel Sancho will go
up these steps with a bit of
luck he will see the sea in the background again and
there they will inform him of what
the
prosecution is accusing him of this will be the second time he leaves
prison since August last
October 5th he also did it it was when
they informed him that they were extending the provisional prison will they
allow García Montees to enter Thailand
Well that was the doubt
we had according to what had been published in
some media García Monte was
prohibited from entering Thailand because he
entered as
any civilian and he had to identify himself
as a lawyer no I mean they said that in the
media but really it doesn't make much
sense no because in the end you when
you buy a plane ticket when you
buy a plane ticket which is
different the lawyer's ticket to the
normal pedestrian ticket or in other words where you
identify yourself and you accredit yourself as a lawyer
When you enter prison and all these
things no no I don't know where that would come from
The truth because in the end Well in
sight until no that García Montes
and Rodolfo Sancho are in Thailand
María Vicente is in cosam very you María
were or  have you witnessed that visit
more than a month after Rodolfo Sancho
to his son Daniel witnessed the arrival
Joaquin already
s yes of the arrival and the departure because
Rodolfo Sancho has just left
this prison of cusam mui so we
can now say that this
reunion between father and son has taken place after a
month and a half it has arrived around wow
the father uncle the ballot
eh wow the father the ballot he has
eh mother of
God mother of God 1:15 So he has
been in this prison more than two hours and
this time it has been somewhat more difficult to capture
his image because it is his first visit
in the month of September the journalists
were inside the prison area
this time they have increased the controls and they do
not let us pass this point
this control of this
surveillance booth with which we have had to
record him the
press joke at the
door is over from a distance but we have been
able to see him enter and leave
this prison he has come in a car with
tinted windows accompanied
also by a Thai legal advisor
who  He hired
Marcos Garcia Montes's law firm and he hasn't wanted to
make any statements. We haven't been
able to ask him because of the distance,
but he didn't want to stop either when he
came in or out. He's coming, as
we're counting, in a key week
for Daniel Sancho because on Sunday
the deadline for the prosecution to
deliver its report to the judge ends and this
morning they confirmed to us again that in
the next few hours they will deliver it to him. For
now, neither the defense nor the prosecution nor
Edwin Arrieta's family. The visa is in
the passport. Poor
Colombian parents. No man, let's see. Poor
Colombian parents, first of all, of
course. But Javier, please. You're
going all out, my son. It seems that
when you say, damn, poor these
parents, it seems that you're defending the
murderer. Or it seems that no, no, they're not
sorry for the family of the
murdered man. Or my God, Father
Rodolfo has found himself with a slip of
paper. Oh, without even realizing it, he hasn't
killed
anyone. They let the matter cool down. They listened
to Fran completely. Besides, I'm
sure that
Fran's advice reached him and that's why they did it. They
have a lawyer here in Thailand and
Legal representatives in Spain
have no official confirmation of when
that handover will take place and when
Daniel Sancho will have to appear
before the judge. We understand that it is. So,
you've seen the incident of a
girl who was attacked by
dogs and has already died. eh. I don't know which one you're
referring to. Oscar, we talked about one recently
in Argentina, but I don't think that's what you're
referring to. eh. They already have a lawyer in
Thailand. That's one of the
consequences of not having a lawyer here
in Thailand. What the prosecutor confirms to us
is that if Daniel Sancho does
n't have a lawyer when he appears before the judge, they
could appoint him one. Joaquín.
eh. Thank you, María and
Medina. Can you possibly
have a lawyer in Thailand? Is it a strategy not to have a lawyer in Thailand? Oh,
the prosecutor hasn't confirmed to us
that this is one
of the consequences of not having a lawyer
here in Thailand. What the
prosecutor confirms to us is that if Daniel Sancho
doesn't have a lawyer when he appears before the judge, they
could appoint him one.
Joaquín.  doesn't have a lawyer, I had
understood that yes, she doesn't have a
lawyer and what's the point eh Thank you Maria and
what's the point of not having a lawyer could it
be a strategy of not having a
lawyer in Thailand at this point and
taking into account that and I did
n't know this
[Music]
I
what's the point, let's
see, I understand that maybe
part of the part of the issue that they
went to Thailand now I don't think it's
just to know the details
of the report I imagine that part of
this trip let's take it for granted
since last week well it's also for that
to solve what's
missing not to find a lawyer a
good lawyer to take charge of the
case yes Look, now she's sending me about the
27-year-old girl my goodness We'll
see each other later at night okay I have to
go it's 1:10 and the
room is here at the door of the
coach I'm going okay I'm going eh we'll
see each other later at night okay let's see if there's some
strong sauce okay I'm sending you a
huge kiss I love you so much and
have a good afternoon okay see each other later later I'll
see each other